Grandpa dad
Hey.
Tell me to shut up
You shut up
I like that very much, if you hadn't let me use it
I didn't try this lady either
Do I like you?
Lu Shao, our Lin family is one
The handle of the Wang family is real
Why is that?
Why tell you
I don't want to hand over the order temporarily.
All the miracles
Fool from now on
If this order is not handed over yet
It's just you, you're welcome.
Yu Shishi, don't hurry up and kill the soldier
It's all your fault if it weren't for you
Wang Shao doesn't mind doing this to us either
Exactly.
It's your fault that our neighbor is here today
Blame me
If it weren't for your refusal to eat
Don't let me be with Wang Fan
Now you are so selfish
Let me hand over the order.
I don't give
Okay then
It starts with you
Does the old guy understand?
Monster, you're dead like shit
You press it, hurry up, it's Li Shishi
He's your grandfather.
How can you be so heartless?
Call me at 20
Ahhhh!
Stop and I'll give